---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1: UI Basics Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-01-30
published: true
labels:
  - WODs
  - Essay
---

First off, a summary of the Browser History WODS: Browser History 1 introduced us to creating a simple webpage using VScode that included a table of contents, images, embedded links to external sources, and so forth. Browser History 2 introduced us to CSS (cascading style sheets), which we used to apply some style to the webpage from Browser History 1 like changing background and text color, changing font types, resizing and formatting the position of the images and so forth. Browser History 3 combined usage of both html and css to rearrange the layout of the webpage like adding a navigation bar and dividing content into columns.  

WOD1: DNF - 30mins. I had started on this WOD before learning in-class about how to start running the server and understanding the pathways. So I watched the beginning of the screencast, but that method did not work. In my previous recordings, I had used the internet to find out that I could crtl click on my index.html and select open with live server, but I didn’t know that would be allowed for the WOD submission; my other times were 25, 20, 17, and 17 minutes with live server. In my submission, I used terminal to start the server so I struggled for around 6 minutes just to get the server running.The rest of the WOD was not too bad, most acted like a refresher from ICS 101. In general, some steps that added to my time was having to re-read the instructions because sometimes I did not work in the order listed and having to pull the external links and other sources provided for us. But overall, I spent a lot of time (unrecorded)  on WOD1 because it was a new process.     

WOD 2: RX - 6 mins. WOD2 also acted like a refresher from ICS 101. I did not need to view the screencast for assistance on this WOD, my first time with stopwatch and using some resources was 13 mins because my font type was not changing (I forgot to put sans-serif after the indicated font). On my second try, I was able to finish at 6 minutes so that was an achievement.    

WOD 3: SD - 19 mins. WOD3 confused me. My first attempt took 45 minutes. I knew how to set up the navbar so I did that first, but I did not understand how to create 3 sections. So I looked it up and followed several examples because some had steps I did not understand. Before my second attempt, I looked at the screencast and saw the usage of Inspect to fix the alignment of the middle (Chrome) section, but I did not understand how to read Inspect and how to use it for assistance. So on my second attempt, I took 15 minutes. On my third attempt, I could have done around 9 minutes, but I was still attempting to fix the middle section so it took me 19 mins. 

My advice is not to recheck that you did everything in the step each time, try a one time careful check at the very end. Try to get a head start on the WODs because they are a time commitment and it is okay to feel frustrated. Also a head start helps with uploading your video because uploading takes way too long! 
