---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: My Progress In Programming Report"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-12
published: true
labels:
  - Essay
---
I wouldn't say my programming skills have improved greatly in any way because I started off with basically no knowledge of programming. This whole thing is a learning experience, so I improved my programming skills by learning more and adding to my knowledge. I have a lot of things to work on, I really have issues with recalling what codes do; for example, on Assignment1 I kept looking back at WODs and Labs and had to look up what things did. I definitely learned a lot from the WODs, I had the most trouble with Store1, but learned a lot with each time I had to redo a WOD. The labs are helpful, most of the time we had a bit more to do for on our own, which was quite time consuming and frustrating, but I know I could at least complete them. Not sure if I did them as they were intended to be completed, probably not, but I at least finished them. I learned a lot from Assignment1 like finding my old errors from the wods. In all honesty, I am not ready for Assignment2 because I just take a lot of time trying to understand and then I’m left with a time crunch so like for Assignment1 I panick and rely on other peoples code. I think the class could be improved if we added comments, I think those would be more helpful to refresh my memory on what it did and how it worked. What helps me most in class is one on one help and working with classmates because half the time I have no idea what my problems are or where to start. 
