---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-25
published: true
labels:
  - Assignment2
  - Essay
---

Assignment 2 was about upgrading our store from Assignment 1, we added routes for creating a login, creating a new registration, logging out, and so forth. For more information about Assignment 2, follow this link:  https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/modules/Assignment2/.
From this assignment, I learned how to transfer different data from the server and user_data.json to make a personalized invoice page. I worked with a partner for this assignment. My partner did about 60% of the work, while I did 40%. I received a lot of help from Professor Port, the internet, and my friends. I needed a lot of help on the IRS. I kept running into issues with IR4 and IR1. I had gotten the login time to show, but I didn't realize that it should be written as a property of the user_data.json so that it is personalized for each user. The hashing also made things confusing for logging in. Developing this was different from Assignment 1 because my partner’s store was designed a bit differently than my own so I spent time trying to understand the code and implementing and validating certain tasks. There are a lot more routing in this Assignment compared to Assignment 1. I spent around 40% thinking about how to do something, 15% writing code, and 45% testing and debugging. Something that work well for this assignment was taking the time to understand what task you want to do and using the console to check for tiny errors. Something that did not work well was trying to use ChatGPT for specific problems. If I could go back in time I would spend more time figuring out what the problem is and then test solutions, instead of just rewriting everything. 
