---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6:Reflection on Assignment 3"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: true
labels:
  - E6
  - Assignment3
---

1. Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
An accessories store selling a variety of earrings, rings, and necklaces. 

2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
Admin backend is  half implemented with a bit of issues with promoting users. The store also makes users login to view their cart. 

3. Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I am proud about the gift bag option, IR2. First time using a drop down selection, which is pretty useful. 

4.Describe what you are least happy with your system:
Star ratings do not look the best on the store page. I couldn’t get the actual stars to shows and for lack of time, I couldn’t design it better. Also think I just broke it again.  

5.How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
It was very different with the sessions and cookies. Once I added something, I was bound to break something else. 

6.When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
When I ran into a problem, I always did an inspect on the console and looked at the lines the errors were on. Also did a lot of google searching and chatgpt, but not always that helpful. I also asked for a lot of help. 

7.Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
Trying to understand what each route did and how everything connected so I could recognize where issues were. Also since I worked with a partner, a sense of reliability, trust, and communication.

8.Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
Fixing a whole bunch of code without stopping the server, so I did not know what actually was fixed and what was not. 

9.What did you learn from doing this assignment?
Overall, I learned a lot about sessions and cookies. And better understanding of how to read code. 

10.If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
I would put more comments and get a better understanding of how to name things so I don’t get confused and end up calling the wrong things. 

11.Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
I spend 25% of my time thinking of how to do something, 35% of my time writing code, and 40% of my time testing and debugging. 

12.Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
I did like 30% of the work with the admin backend and IRS and my partner did 70% with most of the routes and nodemailer. 

